this is another gimmick speak here my
2001 New York student each other because
guns me forgive them is damage this
one's a scam just beginning they're
going to crack right there in the
printed November 30 November 21st 2009
fast by 1999 ever layered dirt a VHS of
Joshu the big wall its mute so you're
not copyrighted um okay oh come on
this is usual I'm doing this for my own
good
here we go it's colors
okay don't shoot fine I'll show my VCR
to be back here we go
get to the beginner show
we'll take it off this here and I will
show you the film strip on this it's
fine it rims bechamel oops hang on sign
up oh good let's okay okay let's open up
the phone strip
there's only a few crinkles on the film
strip but this tape and God is not badly
damaged as I thought it would be but
it's okay guess I can keep this one for
now goodbye for now